OXID eShop Testing Library
==========================

The OXID eShop testing library can be used to test OXID eShop with existing or new Unit, Integration, Mink or QUnit tests. 
Furthermore, it can also be very helpful to developers who create a module for the OXID eShop.

Currently the library contains code from the [OXID eShop repository](https://github.com/OXID-eSales/oxideshop_ce/tree/b-dev-ce/tests). 
However, the code will be removed from the shop's repository soon.

Also, documentation is still work in progress, and will be updated soon. 
If you have questions regarding this testing library, feel free drop us a line in the [dev-general mailing list](http://wiki.oxidforge.org/Mailinglists).

Please be aware that this library is in very early alpha stage.

## Usage

To use this library you need to do these steps:

1. Add testing library content to module tests directory (i.e. shopPath/modules/mymodule/tests/)
1. Install composer according to [composer guide](https://getcomposer.org/download/) 
1. Using composer install necessary components (i.e. `composer install`)
1. Use ./runtests, ./runmetrics, ./runtests-coverage to run tests and metrics

## Configuration

Configuration file is named test_config.php and is placed in the root directory of this library.
Do not edit this file, create test_config.local.php instead and overwrite values which needs to be changed.

If your module is in vendors directory, $sShopPath will most likely needs to be modified.
If you run tests on not activated module, $sModulesPath must be specified so that module classes would be autoloaded.
